README.md, before:

![ResponseTappr](.github/README/logo.png)

[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/herdl/responsetappr)](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr)
[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/herdl/responsetappr.svg)](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr/graphs/commit-activity)
[![GitHub releases](https://img.shields.io/github/release/herdl/responsetappr.svg)](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr/releases/)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![We Love Open Source!](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v3/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/herdl)

# ResponseTappr
A ResponseTap Wordpress integration.

## Prerequisites
The following is a list of prerequisites for ResponseTappr.
```
PHP Version >= 7.0.0
ResponseTap
```

### Installation

You can download the latest release as a `.zip` then head over to your site to install this manually.

Once this plugin has been approved on the Wordpress marketplace we will update the repository with a link. 

## We're Using
* [PHP](https://www.php.net/) - The primary programming language

## Contributing
It is worth noting that all contributions must comply with the [PSR-2 standards](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-2-coding-style-guide.md)

## Versioning
We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr/tags). 

## Authors
* **Alex Blackham** - *Developer and Maintainer* - [B3none](https://github.com/b3none)
* **Mat Moses** - *Logo creation* - [mooonthemove](https://instagram.com/mooonthemove)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

Add the logo as well as usage steps in the README

README.md, after:

![ResponseTappr](.github/README/logo.png)

[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/herdl/responsetappr)](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr)
[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/herdl/responsetappr.svg)](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr/graphs/commit-activity)
[![GitHub releases](https://img.shields.io/github/release/herdl/responsetappr.svg)](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr/releases/)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![We Love Open Source!](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v3/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/herdl)

# ResponseTappr
A ResponseTap Wordpress integration.

## Prerequisites
The following is a list of prerequisites for ResponseTappr.
```
PHP Version >= 7.0.0
ResponseTap
```

### Installation

You can download the latest release as a `.zip` then head over to your site to install this manually.

Once this plugin has been approved on the Wordpress marketplace we will update the repository with a link. 

## Usage

Get your website ID from the ResponseTap dashboard and input it to our settings page.

The settings page can be found in the admin section of wordpress under `Settings > ResponseTappr`.

Use shortcodes in replacement of phone numbers in your code.
```
[responsetappr responsetap_number="12345" number="+44 (1163) 400442"]
```

This will be replaced with

```
<a href="tel:+44123456">
    <span class="rTapNumber12345">
        +44123456
    </span>
</a>
```

## We're Using
* [PHP](https://www.php.net/) - The primary programming language

## Contributing
It is worth noting that all contributions must comply with the [PSR-2 standards](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-2-coding-style-guide.md)

## Versioning
We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr/tags). 

## Authors
* **Alex Blackham** - *Developer and Maintainer* - [B3none](https://github.com/b3none)
* **Mat Moses** - *Logo creation* - [mooonthemove](https://instagram.com/mooonthemove)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/herdl/responsetappr/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
